they're not in it well they got hair
people ah well there you go
faker would you know what hurts a great
guy sound like a wooden abuse human be
critically hips I have felt so bad for
Howard so many times because I've been
on the other end of the ribs that we've
talked about were you know taker with
studio me to Bedford you know just
having fun but Howard it has been so
ladies just stuck with his property
without one team regard for seven they
would make it he was he loved the
business so much and he wanted to do
good you know and he tried too hard and
they would do things like this rocked
out my head I can think of a vendetta
done with the bush workers with the bush
workers waiting sword English so let's
throw Howard in there too and he's in
these sardines to they can't because the
Bush markers like to sergeant either
they're from New Zealand he's done
anything kind of stuff and Howard beer
from Connecticut you know he probably
had a lot of sardines in his life but he
would do it because he was gonna be on
TV you know he was happier doing it but
I stood there and watch them to cut
after cut a Howard Finkel eating
sardines that he was sick anyway it was
just constant from everybody they beat
up his car on the street it was seamless
and was always Putin he would be in
tuxedo matches remember yeah the
announcer didn't ever pull his clothes
off I love how are these great guy never
wouldn't see him in his underwear never
had a desire constantly did never wanted
to the hammer was always a nice guy but
he's easy he's a true company man from
head to toe and I think if I could
correct me if I'm wrong anybody knows
that you I am I think I remember being
told that he is the first employee of
the WBA I remember there's a new area I
don't know that he would have been the
first one but I know he's the
longest-tenured the one he's been there
longer know what I meant by there when
they changed over from the net everybody
WAF when you came into started the
Nuclear Posture Howard was the first
person that he hired and Howard was an
usher at the Coliseum in Hartford
Connecticut
yeah the wrestling matches and that's
how he was discovered but I know he's
been here longer than anybody
yeah that's and one of these days that's
the kind of person that's finally going
to take an ak-47 and just why
the whole place you know one person who
you get fed around a pug around pretty
soon you won't be around as Bobby you
say and you can just needle somebody
needle somebody needle somebody and
finally one thing I would love to watch
Howard flip he come out like Arnold
Schwarzenegger
have the dehghan bullets strapped across
his chest automatic weapons in both
hands spraying the entire floor I just
want to have memories you know you know
I've had some bad Mary's hair I see him
crying
where they treated him so bad where he
would just sit and cry yeah and if they
didn't meet the same way I would
probably cry too because they treated
him and he stood they treat him like
shit they really treated Howard like
spit in the invention of really stuck
him in Sonny's lunchbox and Sables bang
I think he had his nose up there anyway
because he likes sardine oh you like to
smell of sardines now here I am I just
apologize to the girl and either drug me
into this you got it again I heal here
we go round 18 only man I didn't mean
any Lord as his fault I still can't get
him together it is his fault